TALKS
=====

Part 1
------

09.15 Prof. Roger Whitaker: Welcome to Cardiff University

09.30 Russell Keith-Magee: What on earth are Python & Django?
Russell explains what they are, what you can do you with them and why you might want to - and why programming is much easier and more fun than you probably think.

09.50 Mark Steadman: A web framework for the creative mind
Mark discusses Django from the perspective of a content creator (weblogger, podcaster and in daylight hours a web developer).

10.10 Rhiannon Titcomb: Understanding Bezier curves with Python
Rhiannon discusses the mathematics of key computer graphics techniques using Python.

10.30 Tom Bakx: Python in Astronomy
Tom discusses the ways astronomers use Python to find and peer into far-away galaxies.


Part 2
------


11.30 Cory Benfield: Security Vulnerabilities - A Story About Panic
Cory tells a tale of every open-source project's worse nightmare: a report of a serious security flaw in the software.


11.50 Amit Nabarro: RESTful APIs in Django
Amit explains how Django developers can make use of the power of RESTful APIs in their projects.


12.10 Yamila Moreno: Lessons learned
Yamila discusses two years of making good and bad decisions in a large Django project, and lessons she wishes she didn't have to learn the hard way.


12.30 Raphaël Barrois: Cyberponies - Django talks to machines
Raphaël discusses Django's suitability for building systems that interface with thousands of remote machines, as part of an Internet of Things.


Part 3
------


14.00 Adrienne Lowe: Coding with knives
Adrienne describes what it's like for a professional chef to become a programmer - and why cooking and coding are not that different.


14.20 Árni St. Sigurðsson: Data-driven democracy
Árni discusses a mission using Django data-gathering tools to help the electorate in Iceland make better-informed decisions.


14.40 Žan Anderle: Mistakes and lessons in developing user experience
Žan discusses how any development team can improve the user experience of their applications.


15.00 Alasdair Nicol: Ponies and moustaches, or Templates in Django
Alasdair introduces one of Django's notable new features, its support for multiple template engines, and explains why it matters (and what moustaches are).


Part 4
------

16.00 Christopher Hunt: Arduino sensors, mobile apps and virtual reality
Christopher explores how Django can integrate with all sorts of physical devices to capture, transmit, store, visualise and derive intelligence from data.


16.20 Katharine Jarmul: Data wrangling with Python
Katharine offers a whirlwind introduction to the Python tools that will help get wild and unruly data under control.


16.40 Rivo Laks: Django and the real-time web
Rivo discusses the rise of the real-time web, and some tools and techniques to help put it into practice.


17.00 Jamie Hannaford: Making our spaces more inclusive
Jamie discusses the social issues of an industry where dealing with code is easy, but dealing with people can be very hard.
